e⑂e is the eye divine stand off

my eye theme is more like eye divine and rimworld than fallout 1 and 2

it is half-life combined with the grit of cybernetic dystopias

eye takes place in an unknown waste land like a nevada or mojave. but that's boring, we've already seen dystopian ruins and dudes in exoskeletons. you explore a ruin. there's a dead guy with an advanced helmet. now i'm tougher. i'll toss on a visor or head lamp. everything is hyper-advanced!

here is a gameplay loop that i could maybe understand would be of interests to a budding player who is just looking for some casual fun, and a way to check back into the game world knowing he is going to advance, learn something or actually have fun.

so this...is not a massoschistic simulation at all. the game is just tough. you'll get it once you stepped on the tenth landmine and die, we promise.  hey, it's a roleplaying game. even cartons of milk will kill you.

eye: half-life. i will try to explain what is happening in my head right now.

what do you explore in half-life 2? dry canals made of concrete, old dams, large drain pipes, maintenance tunnels, flood tunnels, large infrastructures like docks, large depots, empty barns at the countryside and abandoned cottages at the coastal. it's all industrial.

items in cyber game:

but first of all what did fallout do wrong? do i want to constantly take drugs? do i?

what other games out there want you to constantly take mind-altering drugs? that's right, very few. because it's obscene.

most rpgs work like this: i equip this armor because it rocks. it has stats (passive). this gives me poison resistance. i wea1r it (passive).

when were stat-potions ever a good idea? what games have stat-altering potions other than health and mana?

what first person shooters want you to take damage potions so your gun hits 33% harder? when am i going to want to think that that is a thing?

with all that said here is a possible item economy for a ruddy hex game:

carton of milk (poisonous)
plasma cutter
up-stim
spalk-er
antimicrobial
stimulants
rations
signature powder
energy cell
ar clip
ar bullets
sticky sensor
sticky camera
sound lure
steel knitting pin
tech bracer
tech watch
function watch
grip gloves
chem stick
smokes
lighter
pda
interface cable
jack-in
low-tech radar
basic pulse detector
tech-detector
electric tape

following the industrial landscape of half-life here is the game's roadmap:

act 1:
countryside, forests, hills, empty barns, abandoned substations, empty landhouses

